Documentation/institutional/annual-reports.md, before:

---
description: Annual Reports of The IO Foundation.
icon: file-chart-column
cover: >-
  ../.gitbook/assets/[TIOF] Comms [P] 0000-00-00 TIOF - Page Header Annual
  Reports XXX v1.0.png
coverY: 0
---

# Annual Reports

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Quick Resources" %}
{% hint style="info" %}
[**ShortURL**](https://short.theiofoundation.org/TIOFAnnualReports) **|&#x20;**~~**Playbook**~~**&#x20;|&#x20;**~~**Assistant**~~
{% endhint %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Share this page" %}
Use this QR Code to quickly share this page.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/TIOFDocsTIOFsAnnualReports_4096x4096.png" alt="" width="188"><figcaption><p>QR Code of this page</p></figcaption></figure>
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## About

This section contains all annual reports issued by The IO Foundation, organized by Seasons (fiscal years).

{% hint style="info" %}
* Fiscal years comprise from 1st January to 31st December of a natural year.
* The IO Foundation labels its fiscal years as _**Seasons**_.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="warning" %}
Please note that the reports are organized through tabs in the corresponding Season's page.
{% endhint %}

## 📕 Institutional Reports

In line to its transparency and accountability commitment, The IO Foundation publishes the following institutional reports that provide an account of each Season's strategies.

### 📙 Board Meeting

The Board Meeting report provides a summary of the annual Board Meeting that takes place annually and as described in the organization's Statute.

### 📗 General Meeting

The General Meeting report provides an account of the annual General Meeting that takes place annually and as described in the organization's Statute.

### 💥Impact Reports

The IO Foundation equally wishes to issue annual reports on its activities and impact assessment.

At the date of writing this has been impossible due to lack of resources and concentrating efforts in producing research and generating impact.

The organization is nonetheless actively working on this subject and will make all possible efforts to issue a Impact Reports as soon as possible.

## 📘 Operational Reports

Equally in line to its transparency and accountability commitment, The IO Foundation strives to publish the following operational reports that provide an account of how did the organization implemented the Season's strategies and its measured outcomes.

### 📊 Financial Reports

In compliance with the Estonian law, TIOF files an annual financial report to the Estonian authorities which is previously verified by an Estonian-licensed auditor.

{% hint style="info" %}
* The IO Foundation is a registered non-profit in Estonia. It's fiscal year is defined from 1st January to 31st December.
* The IO Network MY Sdn. Bhd. is a registered company in Malaysia. It's fiscal year is defined from 1st January to 31st December.
* The IO Network US Foundation is a registered non-profit in the United States of America. It's fiscal year is defined from 1st January to 31st December.
{% endhint %}

### 📑 Strat Meeting

The Strat Meeting report provides an account of The IO Foundation's annual strategic gathering where objectives are set for the following Season.

Commit message:

GITBOOK-830: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

Documentation/institutional/annual-reports.md, after:

---
description: Annual Reports of The IO Foundation.
icon: file-chart-column
cover: >-
  ../.gitbook/assets/[TIOF] Comms [P] 0000-00-00 TIOF - Page Header Annual
  Reports XXX v1.0.png
coverY: 0
---

# Annual Reports

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Quick Resources" %}
{% hint style="info" %}
[**ShortURL**](https://short.theiofoundation.org/TIOFAnnualReports) **|&#x20;**~~**Playbook**~~**&#x20;|&#x20;**~~**Assistant**~~
{% endhint %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Share this page" %}
Use this QR Code to quickly share this page.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/TIOFDocsTIOFsAnnualReports_4096x4096.png" alt="" width="188"><figcaption><p>QR Code of this page</p></figcaption></figure>
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## About

In accordance to its commitment towards transparency and accountability and in compliance with its policies, The IO Foundation regularly issues a number of reports showcasing how its work progresses and its compliance with the different jurisdictions under which it operates.

{% hint style="info" %}
* Fiscal years comprise from 1st January to 31st December of a natural year.
* The IO Foundation labels its fiscal years as _**Seasons**_.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="warning" %}
Please note that reports issued for each Season can be found in the corresponding Season Info Page.
{% endhint %}

## <i class="fa-book">:book:</i> Institutional Reports

In line to its transparency and accountability commitment, The IO Foundation publishes the following institutional reports that provide an account of each Season's strategies.

### <i class="fa-file-chart-pie">:file-chart-pie:</i> Board Meeting

The Board Meeting report provides a summary of the annual Board Meeting that takes place annually and as described in the organization's Statute.

### <i class="fa-file-lines">:file-lines:</i> General Meeting

The General Meeting report provides an account of the annual General Meeting that takes place annually and as described in the organization's Statute.

### <i class="fa-file-waveform">:file-waveform:</i> Impact Reports

The IO Foundation equally wishes to issue annual reports on its activities and impact assessment.

At the date of writing this has been impossible due to lack of resources and concentrating efforts in producing research and generating impact.

The organization is nonetheless actively working on this subject and will make all possible efforts to issue a Impact Reports as soon as possible.

## <i class="fa-book-blank">:book-blank:</i> Operational Reports

Equally in line to its transparency and accountability commitment, The IO Foundation strives to publish the following operational reports that provide an account of how did the organization implemented the Season's strategies and its measured outcomes.

### <i class="fa-file-invoice-dollar">:file-invoice-dollar:</i> Financial Reports

In compliance with the Estonian law, TIOF files an annual financial report to the Estonian authorities which is previously verified by an Estonian-licensed auditor.

{% hint style="info" %}
* The IO Foundation is a registered non-profit in Estonia. It's fiscal year is defined from 1st January to 31st December.
* The IO Network MY Sdn. Bhd. is a registered company in Malaysia. It's fiscal year is defined from 1st January to 31st December.
* The IO Network US Foundation is a registered non-profit in the United States of America. It's fiscal year is defined from 1st January to 31st December.
{% endhint %}

### <i class="fa-file-check">:file-check:</i> Strat Meeting

The Strat Meeting report provides an account of The IO Foundation's annual strategic gathering where objectives are set for the following Season.
