Documentation/institutional/policies/finance.md, before:

# 🚧 Finance









Auditors for each jurisdiction are to be appointed and given access to the organization's accounts.





{% hint style="info" %}
[**ShortURL**](https://tiof.click/TIOFPolicyFunding) **| Playbook | Assistant**
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="warning" %}
**NOTICE**

This documentation page is under construction.\
Should you want to be notified once it's published, [**let us know**](https://tiof.click/TIOFTarianUpdatesService).
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
[**ShortURL**](https://tiof.click/TIOFPolicyACAB) **|** ~~Playbook~~ **|** ~~Assistant~~
{% endhint %}

## Introduction

### Definitions

This document employs terms related to the [DCDR Advocacy](https://tiof.click/DCDRAdvocacy) that can be found in the [TIOF terminology](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology).

For a structure of The IO Foundation, please visit

* The IO Foundation's [Organizational Chart](http://tiof.click/TIOFOrgChart)
* The IO Foundation's [Organizational Taxonomy](https://tiof.click/OrgTaxonomy)

### About this document

This document, hereinafter the Policy, sets out the position maintained by TIOF in matters of **Anti-corruption and Anti-bribery** that you will need to be aware of while being a TIOF Member. You should familiarize yourself with it and comply with it at all times. Any questions you may have with regard to its contents or what you have to do to comply with it should be referred to your corresponding Team Human Resources Manager.

Any Member who breaches this Policy will face disciplinary action, which could result in dismissal for gross misconduct. Any non-employee who breaches this Policy may have their contract (or equivalent official relationship with TIOF) terminated with immediate effect.

{% hint style="info" %}
This document complements [TIOF's Code of Conduct](https://tiof.click/TIOFPolicyCoC).
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
This document does not form part of any [Engagement Document](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#engagement-document) and we may amend it at any time following the procedures described in [TIOF's Statute](https://tiof.click/TIOFStatute).
{% endhint %}

### Scope

This document directly applies to:

* All [TIOF Members](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#members)

This document indirectly applies to:

* All [TIOF Contributors](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#contributors)

The policies set out in this document apply to all [TIOF Members](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#members) unless otherwise indicated. They therefore apply to Members of the Boards ([Directors](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#directors), [Advisers](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#advisers), [Consultants](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#consultants)), [Employees](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#employees), [Volunteers](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#volunteers) and [Interns](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#interns); this is irrespective of their [engagement type](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#engagement-type). They equally apply to all [Contributors](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#contributors) and will be used as part of the selection criteria when engaging with them.

This Policy applies within all [TIOF Spaces](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#spaces), including (although not limited to) management activities, contributions or events; it and also applies when an individual is officially representing the organization in public spaces. Examples of representing the organization include (although not limited to) using an official e-mail address, posting via any official channel or acting as an appointed representative at an event.

{% hint style="warning" %}
**Review and Amendments**\
This policy shall be reviewed regularly to ensure its continued relevance and effectiveness. Amendments may be made to adapt to new legal requirements, changing circumstances or to better serve the organization's Mission.
{% endhint %}

## Policy details

### Anti corruption and Anti bribery statement





**Article 7: Types of Donations** 7.1 TIOF accepts donations in various forms to provide flexibility to our supporters. These include:

* Fiat currency through legal tender
* Cryptocurrency in accordance with regulatory compliance measures
* In-kind donations, which may consist of goods or services valuable to our operations





## Implementation

All TIOF Policies are to be implemented through their corresponding Handbook.



## Fiscal Years

Always natural year.

1st January to 31st December

## Timelines

The organization shall clearly establish a yearly timeline that reflects all relevant activities, processes and deadlines in accordance to their corresponding jurisdictions and must be strictly followed.

The Finance Handbook will specify the details for each organization.



## Payment Cycles

* Second Friday of the month
* Any pending per diems or other expenses to be refunded: 1 week before FYE
  * Otherwise the funds will be donated to TIOF.



### Bank Statements

To be extracted quarterly and stored on TIOF's Team Finance Storage.



## Other compensations

## Activities

For activities Type A

* Transportation

For activities Type B

* Transportation
* Accommodation
* Per Diem

\>> Make a table



Per Diems & Cost of Accommodation shall be clearly stipulated in the Financial Handbook.

Commit message:

GITBOOK-592: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

Documentation/institutional/policies/finance.md, after:

# 🚧 Finance









Auditors for each jurisdiction are to be appointed and given access to the organization's accounts.





{% hint style="info" %}
[**ShortURL**](https://tiof.click/TIOFPolicyFunding) **| Playbook | Assistant**
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="warning" %}
**NOTICE**

This documentation page is under construction.\
Should you want to be notified once it's published, [**let us know**](https://tiof.click/TIOFTarianUpdatesService).
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
[**ShortURL**](https://tiof.click/TIOFPolicyACAB) **|** ~~Playbook~~ **|** ~~Assistant~~
{% endhint %}

## Introduction

### Definitions

This document employs terms related to the [DCDR Advocacy](https://tiof.click/DCDRAdvocacy) that can be found in the [TIOF terminology](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology).

For a structure of The IO Foundation, please visit

* The IO Foundation's [Organizational Chart](http://tiof.click/TIOFOrgChart)
* The IO Foundation's [Organizational Taxonomy](https://tiof.click/OrgTaxonomy)

### About this document

This document, hereinafter the Policy, sets out the position maintained by TIOF in matters of **Anti-corruption and Anti-bribery** that you will need to be aware of while being a TIOF Member. You should familiarize yourself with it and comply with it at all times. Any questions you may have with regard to its contents or what you have to do to comply with it should be referred to your corresponding Team Human Resources Manager.

Any Member who breaches this Policy will face disciplinary action, which could result in dismissal for gross misconduct. Any non-employee who breaches this Policy may have their contract (or equivalent official relationship with TIOF) terminated with immediate effect.

{% hint style="info" %}
This document complements [TIOF's Code of Conduct](https://tiof.click/TIOFPolicyCoC).
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
This document does not form part of any [Engagement Document](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#engagement-document) and we may amend it at any time following the procedures described in [TIOF's Statute](https://tiof.click/TIOFStatute).
{% endhint %}

### Scope

This document directly applies to:

* All [TIOF Members](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#members)

This document indirectly applies to:

* All [TIOF Contributors](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#contributors)

The policies set out in this document apply to all [TIOF Members](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#members) unless otherwise indicated. They therefore apply to Members of the Boards ([Directors](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#directors), [Advisers](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#advisers), [Consultants](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#consultants)), [Employees](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#employees), [Volunteers](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#volunteers) and [Interns](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#interns); this is irrespective of their [engagement type](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#engagement-type). They equally apply to all [Contributors](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#contributors) and will be used as part of the selection criteria when engaging with them.

This Policy applies within all [TIOF Spaces](https://tiof.click/TIOFTerminology#spaces), including (although not limited to) management activities, contributions or events; it and also applies when an individual is officially representing the organization in public spaces. Examples of representing the organization include (although not limited to) using an official e-mail address, posting via any official channel or acting as an appointed representative at an event.

{% hint style="warning" %}
**Review and Amendments**\
This policy shall be reviewed regularly to ensure its continued relevance and effectiveness. Amendments may be made to adapt to new legal requirements, changing circumstances or to better serve the organization's Mission.
{% endhint %}

## Policy details

### Anti corruption and Anti bribery statement





**Article 7: Types of Donations** 7.1 TIOF accepts donations in various forms to provide flexibility to our supporters. These include:

* Fiat currency through legal tender
* Cryptocurrency in accordance with regulatory compliance measures
* In-kind donations, which may consist of goods or services valuable to our operations





## Implementation

All TIOF Policies are to be implemented through their corresponding Handbook.



## Fiscal Years

Always natural year.

1st January to 31st December

## Timelines

The organization shall clearly establish a yearly timeline that reflects all relevant activities, processes and deadlines in accordance to their corresponding jurisdictions and must be strictly followed.

The Finance Handbook will specify the details for each organization.



## Payment Cycles

* Second Friday of the month
* Any pending per diems or other expenses to be refunded: 1 week before FYE
  * Otherwise the funds will be donated to TIOF.





### Roles

Roles for each position are to be defined with precision. Overlapping of roles that may lead to financial mismanagement are to be made not possible.





### Approvals

All payments require at least one approval.



### Bank Statements

To be extracted quarterly and stored on TIOF's Team Finance Storage.



## Other compensations

## Activities

For activities Type A

* Transportation

For activities Type B

* Transportation
* Accommodation
* Per Diem

\>> Make a table



Per Diems & Cost of Accommodation shall be clearly stipulated in the Financial Handbook.
