Documentation/institutional/structures/boards/README.md, before:

# 🚧 Boards

{% hint style="info" %}
**ShortURL | Playbook | Assistant**
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="warning" %}
**NOTICE**

This documentation page is under construction.\
Should you want to be notified once it's published, [**let us know**](https://tiof.click/TIOFTarianUpdatesService).
{% endhint %}

## About





### Rights and Responsibilities

Comparison table



<table><thead><tr><th width="174"></th><th width="139" data-type="select">Director</th><th width="138" data-type="select">Adviser</th><th data-type="select">Consultant</th><th data-type="select">Auditor</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Rights</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Vote @ AGM</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Default Salary</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Project Salary</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Responsibilities</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Attend Status Calls</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Attend Q Status Calls</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Attend AGM</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Attend Strat Meet</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Attend Onboarding</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Attend Deboarding</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

Note: To be consolidated on a boarded organization-wide permissions table.

Commit message:

GITBOOK-598: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

Documentation/institutional/structures/boards/README.md, after:

# 👥 Boards

{% hint style="info" %}
**ShortURL | Playbook | Assistant**
{% endhint %}

## About

The different Boards participating in The IO Foundation play a crucial role in its governance as well as setting its strategic direction and policies to ensure the organization's mission and goals are effectively pursued.

They provide oversight and guidance, making key decisions on budgeting, activities and long-term planning, while also serving as ambassadors to the broader stakeholder community to garner support and resources.

## Board of Directors

The Board of Directors is responsible for the overall governance of the organization, making key strategic decisions and ensuring that The IO Foundation adheres to its mission and legal responsibilities.

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/[TIOF] Comms [P] ProfilePic JFQ BW.T XXX v1.0.png" alt="" width="188"><figcaption></figcaption></figure>



## Board of Advisers

The Board of Advisers provides expert guidance and advice to The IO Foundation, offering insights and recommendations to inform strategic direction and operational effectiveness.

## Board of Consultants

The Board of Consultants consists of specialists who offer detailed, technical advice and solutions in specific projects.

## Board of Auditors

The Board of Auditors is tasked with overseeing the financial practices and transparency of The IO Foundation, ensuring accuracy, compliance and integrity in financial reporting and management.

### Rights and Responsibilities

The following is a concise summary of the Rights and Responsibilities for each Board members, outlining their entitlements and obligations within the organization.

<table><thead><tr><th width="174"></th><th width="139" data-type="select">Director</th><th width="138" data-type="select">Adviser</th><th data-type="select">Consultant</th><th data-type="select">Auditor</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Rights</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Vote @ AGM</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Default Salary</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Project Salary</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Responsibilities</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Attend Status Calls</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Attend Q Status Calls</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Attend AGM</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Attend Strat Meet</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Attend Onboarding</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Attend Deboarding</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>
