Documentation/our-work/past-seasons/2019.md, before:

---
icon: leaf
cover: >-
  ../../.gitbook/assets/[TIOF] Comms [P] 0000-00-00 TIOF - Page Header Annual
  Reports XXX v1.0.png
coverY: 0
---

# Season 2019

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Quick Resources" %}
{% hint style="info" %}
[**ShortURL**](https://short.theiofoundation.org/TIOFAR2019) **|&#x20;**~~**Playbook**~~**&#x20;|&#x20;**~~**Assistant**~~
{% endhint %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Share this page" %}
Use this QR Code to quickly share this page.

<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/[TIOF] Comms [P] 0000-00-00 TIOF QR Code Annual Report 2019 XXX v1.0.png" alt="" width="188"><figcaption><p>QR Code of this page</p></figcaption></figure>
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## About

This page contains all reports issued by The IO Foundation corresponding to Season 2019.

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="📘 Operational Reports" %}
<table><thead><tr><th width="240">Type</th><th>Link</th><th>Notes</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>📊 Financial Report</strong></td><td><span data-gb-custom-inline data-tag="emoji" data-code="1f1ea-1f1ea">🇪🇪</span> <a href="https://short.theiofoundation.org/TIOFAR2019EST">Estonian version</a><br><br><span data-gb-custom-inline data-tag="emoji" data-code="1f1ec-1f1e7">🇬🇧</span> <a href="https://short.theiofoundation.org/TIOFAR2019ENG">English version</a></td><td>Official report submitted to and approved by the <a href="https://ariregister.rik.ee/eng">Estonian authorities</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>📑 Strat Meeting</strong></td><td>Due to strategic reasons, this report is not currently publicly available.<br>Should you want a copy, please contact us.</td><td>The IO Foundation conducted a 5 days Strat Meeting, between 23rd December to 28th December 2019 to define the strategy for Season 2020.</td></tr></tbody></table>
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="📕 Institutional Reports" %}
<table><thead><tr><th width="236">Type</th><th width="158">Link</th><th>Notes</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>📙 <strong>Board Meeting</strong></td><td>N/A</td><td>No Board meeting took place during this Season.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>📗 General Meeting</strong></td><td>N/A</td><td>No specific General Meeting took place during this Season. Part of the activities of the Strat Meet were dedicated to design the General Meetings for upcoming Seasons.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>💥Impact Report</strong></td><td>N/A</td><td>See <em>Management Report</em> section in <em>Financial Report</em> (Operational Reports).</td></tr></tbody></table>
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

Commit message:

GITBOOK-829: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

Documentation/our-work/past-seasons/2019.md, after:

---
icon: leaf
cover: >-
  ../../.gitbook/assets/[TIOF] Comms [P] 0000-00-00 TIOF Page Header Season XXX
  v1.4.png
coverY: 0
---

# Season 2019

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Quick Resources" %}
{% hint style="info" %}
[**ShortURL**](https://short.theiofoundation.org/TIOFAR2019) **|&#x20;**~~**Playbook**~~**&#x20;|&#x20;**~~**Assistant**~~
{% endhint %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Share this page" %}
Use this QR Code to quickly share this page.

<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/[TIOF] Comms [P] 0000-00-00 TIOF QR Code Annual Report 2019 XXX v1.0.png" alt="" width="188"><figcaption><p>QR Code of this page</p></figcaption></figure>
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## About

This page contains all The IO Foundation's strategy and reporting for Season 2019.

## Introduction

The IO Foundation is committed to establishing its [**Data-Centric Digital Rights**](https://tiof.click/DCDRAdvocacy) advocacy as a cornerstone of citizen's digital life. As technology becomes increasingly integrated into every aspect of life, the management and protection of data and, most importantly, **the algorithms that act upon it** have long become critical to ensuring individual freedoms and societal trust. During Season 2025, TIOF's mission remains to provide technologists, end users and organizations with the knowledge, tools and frameworks needed to understand and manage their digital life responsibly.

Through education, research and practical solutions, The IO Foundation advocates for a world where rights are clearly defined and respected in the development and application of technology under the guide of the [DCDR Principles](https://tiof.click/DCDRPrinciples).

## Key Objectives

For Season 2019, The IO Foundation focused its resources in achieving the following Key Objectives:

{% include "../../.gitbook/includes/notice.md" %}

## Initiatives & Projects

For Season 2019, The IO Foundation focused on the following Initiatives and Projects:

{% hint style="info" %}
## NOTICE

The information for this section is being consolidated. We thank you for your patience.
{% endhint %}

<table><thead><tr><th width="283">Initiative</th><th width="293">Project</th><th>Notes</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Annual Reports

This page contains all reports issued by The IO Foundation corresponding to Season 2019.

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="📘 Operational Reports" %}
<table><thead><tr><th width="240">Type</th><th>Link</th><th>Notes</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>📊 Financial Report</strong></td><td><span data-gb-custom-inline data-tag="emoji" data-code="1f1ea-1f1ea">🇪🇪</span> <a href="https://short.theiofoundation.org/TIOFAR2019EST">Estonian version</a><br><br><span data-gb-custom-inline data-tag="emoji" data-code="1f1ec-1f1e7">🇬🇧</span> <a href="https://short.theiofoundation.org/TIOFAR2019ENG">English version</a></td><td>Official report submitted to and approved by the <a href="https://ariregister.rik.ee/eng">Estonian authorities</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>📑 Strat Meeting</strong></td><td>Due to strategic reasons, this report is not currently publicly available.<br>Should you want a copy, please contact us.</td><td>The IO Foundation conducted a 5 days Strat Meeting, between 23rd December to 28th December 2019 to define the strategy for Season 2020.</td></tr></tbody></table>
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="📕 Institutional Reports" %}
<table><thead><tr><th width="236">Type</th><th width="158">Link</th><th>Notes</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>📙 <strong>Board Meeting</strong></td><td>N/A</td><td>No Board meeting took place during this Season.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>📗 General Meeting</strong></td><td>N/A</td><td>No specific General Meeting took place during this Season. Part of the activities of the Strat Meet were dedicated to design the General Meetings for upcoming Seasons.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>💥Impact Report</strong></td><td>N/A</td><td>See <em>Management Report</em> section in <em>Financial Report</em> (Operational Reports).</td></tr></tbody></table>
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}
